This should be able to temporarily enable the prince to read,
But if you want to follow this, you have to do it.
What the princess means is that I have eaten so much for the prince,
I thought the reading in his body was cleaning up,
But when I sold it to him just now,
I found out why it was getting more and more serious.
How is this possible? Welfare people,
Am I trustworthy? Absolutely.
What's going on?
How can we know it well?
Xunming, do you know there is something in the Thousand-Year Military Alliance?
Millennium Binglian is a very precious medicinal material.
Let’s go and say that it takes a thousand years to start reading the first grade of high school.
I heard the prince say before,
to say this kind of thing, to say this kind of thing, to say this kind of thing, to say this kind of thing
What kind of poisonous technology is this drug?
Do you know where to find it?
Such a precious medicine
It should only be in kilometers
But if it is in kilometers
It should not be used for web pages
As long as there is progress
I will think of a way
let them give it to me